# Biography
## Early childhood
Autobiography I was born in perfect home. I grew up in a two parent home. I had a fortune to have my grandparents around until the age of 12 when they moved to other apartment. My grandmother played a major role in my early development. She taught me how to read and count. I had lots of toys and she was willing to play with me anything I ever wanted. I was quite creative as a child, so I usually made up some games and we ended up playing it. She also showed me many conventional games like chess, card games, dominos.

Talking about my grandfather, he worked at a factory, and as I know now he constructed missiles and other military. Because the work he did required precision and patience, love to harmony and order inevitably transposed to our household. He used to store his large collection of tools in a small room, I believe he knew by heart where any object is situated. I always was curious about this room, I was tempted to take a hold of things in there. I can vividly remember now how excited I was about magnets. When I first found a magnet, it attracted my attention because this large pice of metal had a property that other similar objects didn’t have. After I asked anyone I knew to bring me even more of magnets.. I remember I even slept with them. I generally liked all metal stuff such as lockers, chains, taps etc. I think my granddad’s passion about all mechanical objects passed down to me.. Generally, he is an industrious person. His job allowed him to make some minor objects that could be taken home. And I remember the times when he brought some hand made wood and metal things home, like tools, handlers, spoons, bottle tops, etc. I use those things up to these days.

My another grandparents, my father’s parents, both were scientists. Their major subject is physics. They lived separately from us, so they didn’t have that much of an influence on me. Except maybe once, when they presented me a constructor game made of wood. Player is supposed to choose a house from catalog, and build it. And I, at the age of 4, was able to grasp ideas on how to actually do it. Shortly before school I went to school I had begun to figure out my new house projects. My family thought I’ll be an architect. And now I look back and realize how such games contributed to my imagination and creativity. And possibly it is the reason why I have desire and a passion to dream out and build amazing things by myself. All that had made a significant impact on me by the time I went to school.
